She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
Where do random thoughts come from?
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
A glittering gem is not enough.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
If I dont like something, Ill stay away from it.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
The river stole the gods.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
She did her best to help him.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
She was too short to see over the fence.
The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
The stranger officiates the meal.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
Please wait outside of the house.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
Where do random thoughts come from?
A glittering gem is not enough.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
This is a Japanese doll.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
We need to rent a room for our party.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
The book is in front of the table.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
Don't step on the broken glass.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?
I want more detailed information.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
Mary plays the piano.
Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
Hurry!
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
She advised him to come back at once.
The old apple revels in its authority.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
Christmas is coming.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
I am never at home on Sundays.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
Let me help you with your baggage.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
Two seats were vacant.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn… I just got older.
The lake is a long way from here.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
Is it free?
We have a lot of rain in June.
How was the math test?
The mysterious diary records the voice.
Wow, does that work?
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
This is a Japanese doll.
We need to rent a room for our party.